In terms of our design/implementation there isn't much we wish we had done differently.
We feel that we did pretty well in terms of decoupling and encapsulating our various
designs/implementations. We never used concrete classes and always used interfaces and all of our
fields were private/protected as needed. Additionally, we abstracted our code where we could and
felt necessary, making our code a lot more readable. Furthermore, we used various enums to
implement various necessary components of the game, including a Color enum, a Direction enum, and
a Value enum. We felt these enums were necessary so that these fields are not checked at run time,
but rather at creation, making it impossible for a client to create a game with incorrect
colors/values/directions.

We did learn quite a bit from the code that was given to us, namely how the other group implemented
a lot of different listeners/click handlers in their code, compared to us where we only had one
interface to be implemented to handle the clicking, which was the PlayerActions interface. We don't
really agree with the way the group that gave us their code implemented it, as it wasn't intuitive,
and some classes referred to concrete classes rather than interfaces sometimes. I feel that from
the view given to us, we learned that how sometimes there is a possibility of over delegation and
writing interfaces/classes that are too closely coupled together.

Our customers never reached out to us after we sent them the code, so we are unsure as to how they
fared with implementing things. However, we will take their silence as they were able to understand
and implement the code that we had sent them.

Our experience with our providers was okay. Sometimes, they would be a bit slow to respond, but
they would always communicate/respond in the end. Additionally, they were willing to explain
coherently what each one of their view interfaces did when we asked them for how things were
actually linked together. All in all, I would say they were communicative and responded well when
asked questions.